I just saw a video on Project Astra by Google, who they're calling the future of Universal
Assistance. Well, I'm going to use ChatTube GT Plus as some of the new capabilities, and
we're going to walk around Brisbane and see if it's going to be a worthy competitor to
a tool that hasn't even been created yet by Google.
Let's get out of here. Just here at the apartment complex where I live, and there's a lot of
great plants here, but I have no idea what they are. I'm trying to find out whether ChatGPT
can identify this stuff for me in real time. Okay, I'm here at my house, and I want to take some
video of some of the trees here. Can you identify them for me? Sure, I'd be happy to help. Please
go ahead and show me the trees, and I'll do my best to identify them for you. We're looking at
what looks to be some bamboo. What do you think this is, and what's this little tree just in front
of it? It does look like bamboo, specifically a type of clumpy bamboo. The smaller tree in front
appears to be a dracina, sometimes called a corn plant. They both thrive in tropical or
subtropical climates. Okay, I'll give you a little bit more context. I'm in Brisbane, Australia,
and I've got this nice little cad, piece of red leaf. What's going on here?
That plant with the red leaves looks like a cordiline, often called a tie plant. They are quite
popular in tropical gardens, and known for their striking foliage. They do well in Brisbane's climate.
That's the very first test I've done this, and this is just walking out of my house. Let's go
into town and figure out what we can do at some of the shops.
We're here at this Chinese grocery, and there's some foods that I want to get, and there's probably
a couple of things I want to know. What is the brand? And there might be more than one brand.
Can you tell me a little bit about these brands and what these products are? And one other food,
a friend of mine said that I need to go and check out a product called Lucifer, and she didn't tell
me why I needed to check it out. What is it about this product that I need to know? Is it good to
eat? Is there anything interesting? Certainly. So it looks like you're browsing an aisle with
various brands of Chinese rice noodles and other packaged foods. Some common brands you might see
include brands like Haohuanluo, which is known for their Loosefen, but type of snail rice noodle.
Loosefen is quite popular for its unique pungent smell and rich savory flavor. It typically includes
ingredients like pickled bamboo shoots, peanuts, and often some form of protein. It's well loved
for its bold taste. How would I cook it? Preparing Loosefen typically involves a few steps. You'd
usually boil the noodles in water until they're soft, and then add the soup base and other
ingredients included in the package. Usually you'd bring everything to a boil for a few minutes.
It's not typically microwaved, as boiling on the stove helps develop the flavors. The package
usually includes instructions, so you can follow those for exact steps. It's a flavorful dish,
so it's definitely worth trying. Okay, so I've got these sauces in front of me,
and I'll turn the label around. What am I looking at with this particular sauce?
Sure. The sauce you're looking at is Jinlan soy sauce. It's a fermented soy sauce made from
non-GMO soybeans. This particular one is labeled as spicy, indicated by the chili pepper on the label.
What about this next one? Now I'll turn it around for you. I can't read any of this,
so what's that say there? This sauce is another Jinlan soy sauce, but this one is aged.
What about this one with the chili? Oh, so I'm assuming it's a chili one,
but tell me a little bit more about what you can see on the label. Yes, this sauce is indeed chili
infused. The label mentions it's a spicy soy paste. It's made from non-GMO soybeans and has added
chili for extra heat. So non-GMOs are organic or just better than genetically modified. Tell
me a little bit about it. Non-GMO means it's made from non-genetically modified organisms,
which many people prefer for health and environmental reasons.
I'm just down here in Brisbane, and I can see a sign on my right. What bridge is this in front of me?
That's the story bridge. It's an iconic part of Brisbane. Are you heading across it?
Not yet. What suburb, if I turn right here at this boundary and some other sort of straight,
don't know whether you can read that. Where would I be going if I would go to the right?
Turning right at Boundary Street with Liju towards Fortitude Valley. It's a vibrant area with lots
of cafes and shops. May, tell me, what are we looking at here? It looks like you're at a cozy
cafe counter. There's a lovely selection of pastries and what seems to be a couple of coffees ready
on the counter. Are you planning to grab a treat? No, I'm on a carnivore and ketogenic diet at the
moment. Would this blow my diet if I had it? If you're on a carnivore ketogenic diet, these pastries
probably aren't the best choice. They tend to be high in carbs and sugar. Okay, for the next test,
I want to do a language test. I want to show you my friend. Hi, Jin. Can you talk to me in your native
language? I want you to ask her what she does for a living and why is she in Brisbane?
Can you tell me what
did she say because I didn't understand it? She mentioned that she's a software engineer
and moved to Brisbane from Sydney for a change of environment.
So I'm here at JB Hyde and one of the things I noticed about today is I don't have good audio
and what I need to do is get a particular microphone that I can use out in the field
like what I'm doing right now but I need to do a little bit of research. So let's go and check it
out. I see you have a variety of lapel mics from brands like Joby and Rode. The Rode mics are
usually known for their excellent sound quality and durability, making them a popular choice
among content creators. Joby mics, on the other hand, are often valued for their compact design
and ease of use. What kind of content are you planning to create? I'm in the field recording
at the moment so I've got another two in front of me. What do you think of these two?
I've just come to West End in Brisbane and I'm here at the Shot Corp, Crystal Earth. What I'd
like to do is buy some sort of necklace. I used to have one that I wore all the time and we're
going to go into Crystal Earth and see what we can find using the chat sheet BT.
I'm here in the Crystal Shop and I've got some questions for you. So firstly, can you just look
at the Capricorn birthstones and just make sure you know the names of them? Do any of the stones
that are here match the stones that are my birthstone?
Sure, I can help. Masculine healing stones often include tiger's eye, black tourmaline,
or hematite. Are you interested in any of those? So that's playing around with chat sheet BT's
advanced vision mode for the last couple of hours. One of the things I found it really good at was
dealing with background noise. I was in the fire of a business and there's a whole lot of
Christmas music going on. There was background noise. I actually asked it, could you hear other
noises? And it said no, it just sounds like there were a couple of people in the background.
So I was really happy with that. But let's look at a couple of the challenges that I had with it.
So firstly, you can't just use it wherever you like. I happened to be in the Crystal Shop
and it kind of felt like a library. And with that being the case, I just didn't feel comfortable
talking up and having it come back at me with answers. So in that sort of scenario, I'd usually
wear some Bluetooth headphones and talk to it in a more personal manner. The other big issue I had
with it is that you do need to be connected to a Wi-Fi network. In JB Hi-Fi, the technology store,
and I also actually tried to bookstore, but I had no cell reception. So I was not able to use
ChatGPT with the technology store, at least to ask them for Wi-Fi access and allowed me to use it.
But otherwise, that's a bit of a limitation. Now in the past, I've only used the voice mode with
pictures to do product checks to find out fact sheets. So in this particular case, it's going
to work so much easier, just the ability to scan through items and say, tell me about this in
comparison to either the gold in the product that you want or in comparison to another product.
Also, as you can see right now, I'm talking without stopping. And that's one of the things that
you really have to do with this, because if you pause, it goes, okay, I'll respond. And that might
not necessarily be what you're looking for. Now, it's ability to identify things visually was
superb. It was able to pick up on writing on product labels, it was able to pick up a plant.
And if I gave it a little bit of context, like I'm in Brisbane, it knew to steer that guidance
of the plant towards the location as well. The analysis for me is that this is something I'm
going to use the voice control and taken photos and said, tell me product details, fact sheets,
compare it against my goal. Do I want a mid price phone? Do I want a powerful computer?
And it's able to take my goals for a product and the pictures of what's in front of it
and give me an analysis. Now it's just so much easier. Anyway, I'm Abbie Dave. Please like and
subscribe. And I'll see you in the next video.